hey they're doing another video on
supplements and things I've got in my
diet while I'm doing my protein sparing
modified fast these are things that I
might actually continue to use once I
get to a point where I feel satisfied
that this new protocol has gotten me to
where I want to be weight wise oh he had
a lot of these things have been inspired
by a lot of reading that I've done and
the velocity diet was probably the
biggest inspiration I think I have
trouble following strict protocols of
others about wine I like pulling pieces
of things in like experimenting and I've
found that I kind of create hybrid
protocols on weight loss and I've gotten
a really good response at least I feel
from from this particular modification
of pulling in different things
and one of the things that I felt was
important in that I've read from
people's reactions to proteins pre
modified fasts is the low energy levels
because of lack of carbs obviously but
we know from the scientific literature
if you follow sort of things is your
muscle store glycogen and glycogen comes
from cars so if you are low carbing it
and doing heavy exercise or placards and
stores will not be replenished like they
would normally have in a normal amount
of carbs of course excessive carbs
excessive any macronutrient excessive
calories will cause you to gain weight
but what I've found the literature and
the reading that I've done even like
personal experience that you know I'm
given these weird things with carbs that
if I eat carbs I want more carbs 'inna
buddy complex carbs for a while I was
doing both NOLA morning which is a
complex carb slow digesting and not
actually find myself to be hungrier
throughout the day so I've been on a
low-carb
now for about three weeks averaging
about 65 grams of carbs a day and those
carbs are complex are coming from things
such as the other way protein that I
have is probably from the lactose which
I believe is a disaccharide has two
sugars and that's primarily it it's just
I'm actually taking any any carbs and
other than through what I'm going
through like protein shakes which is the
backbone of my diet I'm about to do
another video on the protein part of the
news so and enough said about that but
so I've read that incorporating a
creatine glutamine stack within the
protein spread modified fast that the
creatine obviously is great for workouts
it's supposed to really help with muscle
contraction you know you need to
pre-workout something you also can use a
post-workout the body produces it and
there's a lot of information on how to
load creatine if you should low it load
it the different versions of it you know
monohydrate and all these different
variations and the glutamine actually
can be used as an energy source from
what I understand I don't know how your
body metabolizes that an energy it could
be pure placebo effect but I had ended
up looking for a pre / post-workout
supplement to overcome anything on my
experience in terms of lack of energy
because I'm doing a low carb thing and
when I found a good ride aid and they
have a little GNC inside their store and
with it a lot of different things you
know jack3d GNC has a couple of you know
brands of pretty workout supplements and
could really find a really good creatine
and glutamine stack together you know
there were separate creatine separate
glutamine and the stuff's expensive
these supplements are expensive and I've
found that EAS
which is about Abbott Labs now seems to
always have what I'm looking for which
is interesting and what I end up getting
was yes as pro science this is the
reload and get the camera good there
it's the reload and what it is it's a
little packet it's a drink you mix it
and it's great it's a cherry flavor and
let me tell you what's in it it's 35
calories so it's pretty low calorie has
5 grams of carbs so there are carbs in
here and I'll explain to you where the
cars are coming from
of course that's got your creatine
monohydrate took at 2 grams and it's got
glutamine 2 grams and there is some
calcium in here which I think if I can
remember the calcium helps the
absorption of the creatine and there's
some touring in there too so it's a
little bit of an energy supplement I
know with the taurine that's something
that's included in the Red Bull now I'm
definitely expert do a lot of reading
but I definitely know the Torrey I
believe is an amino acid the carbs this
come from Malta dextra which have done a
lot of research on post-workout carbs
you know what gets metabolized we're you
know fructose over you know sucrose you
know that over glucose and how those
sugars get metabolized and malted extra
polysaccharides and three or four
different sugars and I understand it to
metabolize better in fact to me to
actually go straight to your muscle
glycogen and by the way that liver
metabolizes it and I've been doing the
recommended doses three days a day I'd
be to add a new one in the morning I'd
dump it right in my shake which is birds
like a cheery vanilla type shake once I
I mix it up with the Chia see which is
another video that I did earlier and I
do one post-workout so those are its
root ethically a recovery supplement
although I use it
you know pre and post-workout and you
know maybe it's a blue to me makes the
creatine I don't know but my workouts
have been really really good I've had no
loss of energy whatsoever not having
carbs literally I mean I've been able to
push it harder than I ever have been
with carbs and I don't maybe it's a
supplement maybe it's not but I really
enjoy it and price-wise and I don't they
still have this Neil but it was buy one
get one free at Rite Aid one pack was
like it's 21 servings and a pack I paid
$25 so I got basically two for 25 and
even by itself that's cheaper than most
the other supplements were butchered
like the 40 to 80 dollar range but again
this is the EAS prosigns
reload hopefully it's something that you
can find at your local supplement store
GSC probably online I like it you know
again I am NOT being endorsed by EAS I'm
just speaking from personal experience
and I think it works I feel incredible
and we'll see what the results will be I
mean obviously time will hotel whether
or not the stuffs really do me any good
or not well that's my video thanks for
watching
there'll be more videos on supplements
planned on doing one on the protein
powder that I like to use thanks for
watching